#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
anyio==3.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via requests-cache
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==22.2.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests-cache
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
black[jupyter]==22.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
cattrs==22.2.0
    # via requests-cache
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via black
comm==0.1.2
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.0.6
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.4
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
exceptiongroup==1.1.0
    # via cattrs
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
flake8==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.38.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==5.2.0
    # via nbconvert
inflect==6.0.2
    # via statsbombpy
ipykernel==6.19.4
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.7.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.4
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.2.0
    # via statsbombpy
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==7.4.8
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.4
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.1.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.5.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.0.5
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.5
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mplsoccer
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
mplsoccer==1.1.9
    # via -r requirements.in
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
nbclassic==0.4.8
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.7.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.7
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.7.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nose2==0.12.0
    # via statsbombpy
notebook==6.5.2
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.2
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.24.0
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   mplsoccer
    #   pandas
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
packaging==22.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtpy
pandas==1.5.2
    # via
    #   mplsoccer
    #   seaborn
    #   statsbombpy
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.10.3
    # via black
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.3.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   mplsoccer
platformdirs==2.6.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.36
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.4
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycodestyle==2.10.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.2
    # via inflect
pyflakes==3.0.1
    # via flake8
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
pyrsistent==0.19.2
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.4
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2022.7
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.0
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.0
    # via qtconsole
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   mplsoccer
    #   requests-cache
    #   statsbombpy
requests-cache==0.9.7
    # via statsbombpy
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via jsonschema
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via jsonschema
scipy==1.9.3
    # via mplsoccer
seaborn==0.12.1
    # via mplsoccer
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   url-normalize
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
statsbombpy==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tokenize-rt==5.0.0
    # via black
tomli==2.0.1
    # via black
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.8.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   pydantic
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==1.26.13
    # via
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.12
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.2
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.5
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.11.0
    # via importlib-metadata
